# Dumb-Notion
Basic note taking Java web app using Tomcat. To run the app clone this repo and run Maven build. Once completed, run `Main.java`, then open `localhost:8080`.

### Design
Java servlets are used to receive requests (i.e., when the user clicks an URL or link on the web page, or submits data in a form). Web pages are generated by Java Server Pages (JSPs). Used Model-View-Controller (MVC) design pattern. A servlet is a controller, therefore only contains the code to receive a request, call methods on the model to carry out actions, and forward to a JSP to display the results. A servlet gets a reference to the Model via the Singleton Pattern. This means that the Model provides a static method to return a reference to a Model object. Maven is used to manage, build and run applications.

### Features
- The program can store one or more kinds of note.
- Each note has a name or label, might hold text or an URL, or a combination of these such as a note with text and an URL.
- An index is used to hold the collection of notes and the title associated to the index can be displayed.
- Clicking on a title displays the corresponding note.
- Notes can be created, edited, renamed and deleted.
- Notes can be viewed in one or more ways - in sorted order, in the order added, a summary, or the full note.
- When a note is created, it is added to the index, and removed when deleted.
- The title and the notes in an index can be searched to display a list of matches.
- Clicking on a match displays the content of the relevant note.
- Notes and the index are automatically saved to files in some format, so that the user does not have to explicitly load or save to a file.
- When the index or a note are modified the change(s) are immediately written to the files.

### ToDo
- [ ] Add image upload functionality
- [ ] Add CSS

Note to self: I'll probably never add CSS...
